First Pull from Branch (#1)
LightningDeveloper/best-repo-ever: README.md

# best-repo-ever

> 

Author: Do you want to leave this blank?

> This edit to read me is going to be the first commit 

Author: ReadME should be without a space!
```suggestion
This edit to ReadMe is going to be the first commit 
```
